import task: added a note that changefeed is not supported for import task (#11246)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/import-csv-files.md

>
> - If your CSV source files are compressed, you must uncompress the files first before the import.
> - To ensure data consistency, TiDB Cloud allows to import CSV files into empty tables only. To import data into an existing table that already contains data, you can use TiDB Cloud to import the data into a temporary empty table by following this document, and then use the `INSERT SELECT` statement to copy the data to the target existing table.

> > - If there is a changefeed in a Dedicated Tier cluster, you cannot create an import task for it, because the current import task feature uses the [physical import mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode). In this mode, the imported data does not generate change logs, so the changefeed cannot detect the imported data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If there is a changefeed in a Dedicated Tier cluster, you cannot create an import task for the cluster, because the current import task feature uses the [physical import mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode). In this mode, the imported data does not generate change logs, so the changefeed cannot detect the imported data.
```

Reviewer: Question: For clusters with changefeeds, does "you cannot create an import task for the cluster" mean that the import task will fail or just result in the missing of the imported data in downstream?

Author: It means the "Import Task" button will be disabled.

> > - If there is a changefeed in a Dedicated Tier cluster, you cannot create an import task for the cluster, because the current import task feature uses the [physical import mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode). In this mode, the imported data does not generate change logs, so the changefeed cannot detect the imported data.

Author: ```suggestion
> - If there is a changefeed in a Dedicated Tier cluster, you cannot import data for the cluster (the **Import Data** button will be disabled), because the current import task feature uses the [physical import mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode). In this mode, the imported data does not generate change logs, so the changefeed cannot detect the imported data.
```

> > - If there is a changefeed in a Dedicated Tier cluster, you cannot import data to the cluster (the **Import Data** button will be disabled), because the current import task feature uses the [physical import mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode). In this mode, the imported data does not generate change logs, so the changefeed cannot detect the imported data.

Author: ```suggestion
> - If there is a changefeed in a Dedicated Tier cluster, you cannot import data to the cluster (the **Import Data** button will be disabled), because the current import data feature uses the [physical import mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode). In this mode, the imported data does not generate change logs, so the changefeed cannot detect the imported data.
```

> > - If there is a changefeed in a Dedicated Tier cluster, you cannot import data for the cluster (the **Import Data** button will be disabled), because the current import task feature uses the [physical import mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode). In this mode, the imported data does not generate change logs, so the changefeed cannot detect the imported data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If there is a changefeed in a Dedicated Tier cluster, you cannot import data to the cluster (the **Import Data** button will be disabled), because the current import task feature uses the [physical import mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode). In this mode, the imported data does not generate change logs, so the changefeed cannot detect the imported data.
```
